I have this condition a condition it's
my memory amnesia
no no no it's different from that since
my injury I can't make new memories
everything fades if we talk for too long
I'll forget how we started next time I
see you I'm not gonna remember this
conversation what's the last thing that
you do remember my wife that's sweet
dying
I guess I've already told you about my
condition oh well Maury every time I see
you you don't remember where you've been
or what you've just done
no I can't make new memories it's like
waking like you just woke up when you
find this guy what are you gonna do to
him maybe I could help you find him
are you sure you want this my wife
deserves vengeance
do not trust her she's gonna use you to
protect yourself
these wants me trying to get me to kill
the wrong guy you can question
everything you can never know anything
for sure
teddy don't believe his lies
you wander around playing detective well
maybe you should start investigating
yourself
who do this you do did I want
why are you asking me I can't remember
what it
I have no short-term memory since my
injury I can't make new memories
everything fades if we talk for too long
I'll forget how we started the next time
you see I'm not gonna memories
conversation we think I don't even know
if I've mentioned before I've told you
this before